Updating Amazon Business tutorial with new info (#289)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity/saas-apps/amazon-business-provisioning-tutorial.md

   * Default SCIM Users Group
      * Users who are assigned to your Amazon Business app will be placed into this group by default with a Requisitioner role. It is recommended to have this group at the same level as the Default SCIM Parent Group.
      * If a user is provisioned without a group assignment, they will be placed into this group by default with a Requisitioner role.
      * Any de-activated user will remain in this group. Hence, it is recommended to not use any role other than Requisitioner for this group.

> * Note  
>    * The Default SCIM Parent Group can be same as the default group selected for your SSO configuration. 
>    * The Default SCIM Parent Group can be a Legal Entity group. Choosing Legal Entity as the default group is recommended if you have different invoicing templates setup for different groups in your AB Account.
>    * We currently support enabling SCIM for only one Legal Entity in an Amazon Business account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>[!NOTE]  
>- The Default SCIM Parent Group can be the same as the default group selected for your SSO configuration. 
>- The Default SCIM Parent Group can be a Legal Entity group. Choosing Legal Entity as the default group is recommended if you have different invoicing templates set up for different groups in your AB Account.
>- We currently support enabling SCIM for only one Legal Entity in an Amazon Business account.
```
